How To Use Auto Photo Colourizer
--------------------------------
1-First click on the "LOAD IMAGE" button. 

2-From the file selector offered pick a black 
and white jpg, png or bmp image from your drive.

3-Once your image has loaded and displayed 
click on the "COLOURIZE" button and wait. 

Note: images are temporarily resized 
for screen size convienence and may sometimes 
look odd, but don't worry, they will be saved
in their original dimensions after being colourized.

4-After colourization has completed the colour image 
is displayed alongside the original.
 
5-Click on the "SAVE IMAGE" button to save the 
colourized image. Or you can close the image windows
and load in your next image without saving. 

Most colourized images will benefit from touching 
up or recolourling in a program like Photoshop
for best results. APC has done the hard work of
defining the areas to colour for you.

Batch Operation
--------------- 
If you want to automatically colourize a folder  
full of images, then select the first option in the  
drop down menu, "Auto colourize folder of images",  
and then choose a folder to process when presented with  
the folder selector dialog.

Non images in the folder will be ignored.
Only jpg, png and bmp images are recognized by APC.
 
Each photo in the folder will be colourized,
saved as a jpg file and use the original filename
but with the word "colourized" tagged on the end.
 
Your original photos will not be changed or deleted.

Notes:
------
Some very large photos may not be colourized
due to memory usage, it depends how much memory
your computer (or graphics card) has.

The A.I algo used in APC is far from perfect.
Often the outcome of colourization is not good enough.

It appears that the A.I has been well trained for outdoor
photos containing people or animals, these type of
scenes usually  work out the best in APC.

I am hoping an update to the algo will one day be released,
and if so, I will try to implement it in the following version
of APC.

In the meantime a lot of fun can be had colouring in as 
many of those old black and white family photos, as you want,
for free. So enjoy.

Steve Shambles Nov 2020